ladies and gentlemen it's our pleasure
to welcome you to Charlotte well we are
on the active runways please remain
seated with your seat belts fastened and
keep the aisle clear a toy have come to
a complete stop at the boarding gate and
the captain has signaled view by turning
out the fasten seatbelt sign at that
time please check around your seating
area and in the overhead compartments to
be sure you have all your personal
belongings with you
the use of cell phones and PDAs is now
permitted we do ask that you keep all
other portable electronic devices turned
off and stowed until we have reached the
gate area
and those passengers with connecting
flights here in Charlotte you can check
the TV monitors located throughout the
terminal they'll have a